the passion the power the world of
competitive figure skating welcomes taco
that was disgusting that young man is
how babies you smell like aftershave and
taco means yes I do you want to be
stripped of your medals one fan from
men's figure skating the remainder of
your lives no two rivals Michaels back
on I see you got so you still look like
a 15 year old girl but not hot we'll
join forces what do you guys have that
none of the other teams have matching
junk exactly
two men skating together and in our
division no less was to her nothing but
a couple of freaks
do you mind try to be here just thought
you'd like to see what a skaters body
really looks like mmm
jazz Michaels and Jimmy MacElroy are
figure skating
boom that was this far
you two are the last pieces of the
puzzle Will Ferrel Jon Heder the first
male pair in the history of the sport
how is this going to work
[Music]
blades of glory
so coach I was thinking about the music
our routine we're gonna skate to one
song one song only I'm gonna get you get
you drunk get you drunk off my lady huh
uh-huh
my heart my lovely lady harm
do you know what that means no one knows
what it means but it's provocative it's
nice gives the people going
[Music]